Implement array_min and array_max scalar functions. (#11314)
crate/crate: docs/general/builtins/scalar-functions.rst

If the ``null_string`` argument is omitted or NULL, none of the substrings of
the input will be replaced by NULL.

.. _scalar-array-min:

``array_min(array)``
--------------------

> The ``array_min`` function returns the smallest element in ``array``. If
> ``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns``NULL``.
> Supports arrays of any of :ref:`sql_ddl_datatypes_primitives`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``array_min`` function returns the smallest element in ``array``. If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This
function supports arrays of any of the :ref:`primitive types
<sql_ddl_datatypes_primitives>`.
```

- corrected missing space before `NULL`
- added "This function" so the sentence is in the active voice (i.e., the do-er is explicit)
- added explicit link text for `sql_ddl_datatypes_primitives` (it's best to avoid relying on the heading text of the link target being or remaining suitable)
- removed the double space (`  `) after the period (`.`) because spaces are collapsed by RST so double spaces only introduce diff noise
- rewrapped to 79 chars

Author: Thanks for corrections!

::

    cr> SELECT array_min([3, 2, 1]) AS min;
    +-----+
    | min |
    +-----+
    |   1 |
    +-----+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

.. _scalar-array-max:

``array_max(array)``
--------------------

> The ``array_max`` function returns the largest element in ``array``. If
> ``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns``NULL``.
> Supports arrays of any of :ref:`sql_ddl_datatypes_primitives`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``array_max`` function returns the largest element in ``array``. If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This
function supports arrays of any of the :ref:`primitive types
<sql_ddl_datatypes_primitives>`.
```

as above

If the ``null_string`` argument is omitted or NULL, none of the substrings of
the input will be replaced by NULL.

.. _scalar-array-min:

> ``array_min(anyarray)``
> ---------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``array_min(array)``
--------------------
```

switched the argument to ``array`` for improved clarity and to match the subsequent text

> The ``array_min`` function finds minimal element in a given array.
> Return value is always of the type of input array.
> If array argument is ``NULL``, the result is ``NULL``.
> If array argument is empty array, the result is ``NULL``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``array_min`` function returns the smallest element in ``array``. If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns``NULL``.
```
not sure what this line means:

> Return value is always of the type of input array.

I presume it means the same type as the smallest element? if it does mean that, then I think that is implied and doesn't need stating. we typically only explicitly mention it if a type cast _is_ performed

::

>     cr> select array_min([3, 2, 1]) AS min;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cr> SELECT array_min([3, 2, 1]) AS min;
```

    +-----+
    | min |
    +-----+
    |   1 |
    +-----+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

.. _scalar-array-max:

> ``array_max(anyarray)``
> ---------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``array_max(array)``
--------------------
```

as above

> The ``array_max`` function finds maximal element in a given array.
> Return value is always of the type of input array.
> If array argument is ``NULL``, the result is ``NULL``.
> If array argument is empty array, the result is ``NULL``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``array_max`` function returns the largest element in ``array``. If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns``NULL``.
```

as above

::

>     cr> select array_max([1,2,3]) AS max;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cr> SELECT array_max([1,2,3]) AS max;
```
